# How to Login to the Quotex Affiliate Program in India

## What is the Quotex Affiliate Program?

The Quotex affiliate program is a great way to earn commissions by
referring new traders to the Quotex trading platform. As an affiliate,
you will earn a percentage of the trading profits generated by your
referred traders.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/3_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## How to Join the Quotex Affiliate Program

To join the Quotex affiliate program, you will need to create an account
on the Quotex website. Once you have created an account, you will be
given a unique affiliate link. You can then share this link with
potential traders. When someone clicks on your link and creates an
account on the Quotex platform, you will earn a commission on their
trading profits.

[Join the Quotex Affiliate Program
Today](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22){."btn"}

## How to Login to Your Quotex Affiliate Account

To login to your Quotex affiliate account, you will need to visit the
Quotex website and click on the "Affiliate" tab. You will then be
prompted to enter your username and password. Once you have entered your
login credentials, you will be able to access your affiliate dashboard.

## How to Start Trading on Quotex

If you are new to trading, you can start by opening a demo account on
the Quotex platform. A demo account allows you to trade with virtual
money, so you can learn how the platform works without risking any real
money. Once you have opened a demo account, you can start trading by
selecting an asset (such as a currency pair or a commodity) and clicking
on the "Buy" or "Sell" button.

## How to Make Money on Quotex

To make money on Quotex, you will need to predict the movement of the
market. If you correctly predict the direction of the market, you will
make a profit. However, if you incorrectly predict the direction of the
market, you will lose money. It is important to note that trading is a
risky activity, and you should only trade with money that you can afford
to lose.

## Troubleshooting

### I can\'t login to my Quotex affiliate account

If you are unable to login to your Quotex affiliate account, you may
have forgotten your password. You can reset your password by clicking on
the "Forgot Password" link on the login page.

### I\'m not earning any commissions

If you are not earning any commissions, it is possible that your
referred traders are not making any profits. You can check the status of
your referrals by logging into your affiliate dashboard and clicking on
the "Referrals" tab.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is the minimum deposit on Quotex?

The minimum deposit on Quotex is \$10.

### Can I trade on Quotex with a demo account?

Yes, you can trade on Quotex with a demo account.

### Is Quotex a regulated broker?

Yes, Quotex is regulated by the International Financial Commission
(IFC).

### How do I withdraw money from Quotex?

You can withdraw money from Quotex by clicking on the "Withdraw"
button in your account dashboard.

[Join the Quotex Affiliate Program
Today](\%22https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignup\%22){."btn"}

